[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from meeting on 10/21/13
All three team members met with Scott Florentino for his 10am office hours.
	-We discussed User Interfaces with Scott and attempted to figure out a repository issue with no 
	solution found.
	-We began creating the necessary classes that we believed to be vital to the project
On the same day, we met up at 2pm in Lockwood Library
	-We continued putting together classes and specifying methods that we saw necessary

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from meeting on 10/22/13
All three members had lab at 11am, and discussed several strategies during lab
	-We mainly made goals that we wished to complete in the coming weeks.
	-We assigned ourselves very small individual tasks to complete before the next meet-up

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 10/25/13
Similar to Monday, all three of us met up in Lockwood Library at 2pm in order to put together what we came up with during the week, and continue working.
	-A couple of us worked on the visual aspect of the GUI and one of us began considering ways to 	form the required JUnit tests, which we are still confused about
	-It appears as though we are working well with the strategy of delegating tasks, then putting
	individual ideas together after a couple of days
	-We are in contact several times per day via email, updating each other and exchanging useful
	information.

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 10/28/2013
We met up at 2pm in Lockwood Library
	-We are currently putting together what we individually came up with over the weekend
	-We continue to add to classes and occasionally add entirely new, but necessary classes

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 10/29/2013
All three of us had lab this morning at 11am. After our write up we all got together to work on our project
    -Two of the team members worked on the general GUI appearance and functionality while another worked on modifying
    the several classes and methods that we have
    	
[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 11/05/2013
All three of us had lab this morning at 11am. After our write up we all got together to work on our project
    -We worked on delegating class's to each team member and we are beginning writing our JavaDocs for the
    classes and methods  
    
 [CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 11/12/2013
All three of us had lab this morning at 11am. After our write up we all got together to work on our project.
We have all been busy for the past week and were unable to meet much outside of class but put together plans
to meet outside of class this week.
    -We are continuing JavaDocs and testing, as well as putting together the GUI, and working on our test suite    	

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 11/15/2013
The whole team met up after lecture at 2pm in the Lockwood Library.
	-We decided to work on the GUI together, and couple the GUI with the logic code.
	-Also, although we acknowledge that we are a little behind on this part, we are working on our
	 GUI sketch 
	 
[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 11/19/2013
The whole team met up in recitation to continue writing code for the GUI and JUNIT tests. We also had
to deal with yet another code repository issue.
In addition to this, we decided to create a GameState class to store the current state of the game at each turn.

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 11/26/2013
Two of the team member met up for a couple of hours to reorganize the logic code to the game. We tried to fit our logic code 
to match up more with the Skeletal Solutions given to us by Dr. Alphonce. We also worked out some bugs, delegated tasks for the
fall break and cleared some questions up at the Professor's office hours

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 12/03/2013
All three team members met up today in lab and continued working on the logic code to make it functonal with the GUI that we
put together. JavaDocs were added to new or altered methods. JUnit tests were recreated for our new and improved logic code.
We continued to work on the look of the GUI to make it better and more efficient.

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 12/4/2013
Two team members met up to continue to add more necessary logic code in order to make the game board work more efficiently. We also
worked on adding JavaDocs to any new code that we were writing.

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 12/5/2013
The whole team got together for several hours and worked together on making the code better, fixing bugs, and enforcing rules that 
were overlooked when the code was originally created. Along with this, the game manual was started and mostly completed. More is to come
for the game manual when we completely finish all of the logic code. We are having difficulty getting everything to work flawlessly
and are struggling with the impending deadline. Our biggest concern is the differences we see when we run it on Mac or a PC vs running
it on Linux. Linux, for some reason, makes different issues that do not happen on other computers.

[CSE116 Team j] Minutes from Meeting on 12/6/2013
The whole team got together for a final meeting in Lockwood Library after 1pm lecture. We continue to work out bugs and add last minute
implementations. We worked primarily on the election process of the game. We played the game several times with the goal of trying
different things to break the code. From there we knew what needed to be fixed. We also polished up and finished the game manual. We had a couple issues that
we could not figure out before submitting. These issues include a nullPointerException that we could not find out how to fix that 
messes up the ability of the game to transfer students from one department to another in a different school. We also had difficulty
getting the jar file to work in the terminal. All else is well. Finally, we submitted the project for grading and were all able to take a sigh
of relief as we got one step closer to finishing the semester off strong.   